New DiseasyImmunity module and waning function (#101)
ssi-dk/diseasy: vignettes/articles/diseasy-immunity-optimisation.Rmd

  dplyr::filter(.data$M <= 5) |>
  dplyr::summarise(
    "value" = sum(.data$value),
    "execution_time" = sum(.data$execution_time),
    "n_targets" = dplyr::n(),
    .by = c("target", "method", "penalty", "optim_method", "strategy")
  ) |>
  dplyr::filter(
    .data$n_targets == max(.data$n_targets),
    .by = c("target", "method", "penalty")
  )

# Adjust the labels
best_optim_results <- best_optim_results |>
  dplyr::mutate(
    "target" = factor(
      .data$target,
      levels = c(
        "exponential", "exp_sum", "sigmoidal", "linear", "heaviside"
      ),
      labels = c(
        "Exponential", "Sum of exponentials", "Sigmoidal", "Linear", "Heaviside"
      )
    ),
    "penalty" = dplyr::if_else(.data$penalty, "yes", "no")
  )
```

## Global results
To get an overview of the best performing optimisers, we present the an aggregated view of the results in the table
below.
Here we present the top 5 "best" optimiser/strategy combination for each method and penalty setting.
To define what it means to be the "best" we simply take the total integral difference between the approximation
and the target function across all target functions and problem sizes ($M$).

> Note that we currently filter out the results from the Heaviside and Linear targets seems to be especially difficult
> for the optimisers to handle (see the [Per target results](#per-target-results) section below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we currently filter out the results from the Heaviside and linear targets, which seem to be especially 
difficult for the optimisers to handle (see the [Per target results](#per-target-results) section below).
```
